add convention for plugin location (relates to #13879) (#233)
opensearch-project/opensearch-plugins: CONVENTIONS.md

  - [Identifiers](#identifiers)
  - [Variables](#variables)

> ## Plugin Location

Reviewer: Need to add this to the table of contents

> - Plugins should be created in their own external repository. External to the OpenSearch Project itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most plugins should start in a repository outside of the OpenSearch project. This allows for rapid iteration during initial development without the overhead of being an official part of the project.
```

- Plugins can be later ported into the OpenSearch Project on a case-by-case basis. A formal path for this process is yet to be created.

> - Do not add new plugins to the [plugins folder](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/plugins) within the project. This folder is within the core project, where the maintainers are not focussed on optional pluggable features. If you think it should be there anyway, please explain why in the RFC stage. In any case, it is recommended to start outside the project.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not add new plugins to the [plugins folder](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/plugins) within the core OpenSearch repository. The maintainers likely do not have domain expertise in your new optional plugin. If you think it should be there anyway, please explain why in the RFC stage. In any case, it is recommended to start outside the project.   
```

  - [Identifiers](#identifiers)
  - [Variables](#variables)

> ## Plugin Location

Reviewer 2: Should this be "Creating New Plugins"?

Author: Modifying this gives the title room to expand for future issues if that is what you mean.

> - Most plugins should start in a repository outside of the OpenSearch project. This allows for rapid iteration during initial development without the overhead of being an official part of the project.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Remove most. It's good to be directive. 
Nit: "OpenSearch project" -> opensearch-project ...
Nit: "start" is probably not right, "create" is more appropriate.

I would say "Create new plugins in your personal GitHub account. ..."

> - Plugins can be later ported into the OpenSearch Project on a case-by-case basis. A formal path for this process is yet to be created.

Reviewer 2: Ported -> moved
OpenSearch Project -> opensearch-project

> - Do not add new plugins to the [plugins folder](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/tree/main/plugins) within the core OpenSearch repository. The maintainers likely do not have domain expertise in your new optional plugin. If you think it should be there anyway, please explain why in the RFC stage. In any case, it is recommended to start outside the project.   

Reviewer 2: "In any case, it is recommended to start outside the project. " is kinda redundant.
